api-gen ts-morph: use project tsconfig.json to support aliased paths (eg @src) (#1374)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/hungry-yaks-develop.md

---
"@comet/cms-api": patch
---

> api-gen ts-morph: use project tsconfig.json to support aliased paths (eg @src)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API Generator: Add support for TypeScript paths (e.g., `@src/`) by using the project's TSConfig
```
